---
layout: post
author: Luke Vasquez
title: Six Seven Story
date: 2026-01-21
---

<style>
    p {
        text-indent: 2em;
    }
</style>

I got a call from an unknown number. I declined it. Afterall, I’d been getting spam calls all week. Nothing new here. They just want to get my details! So, I silenced my phone. I went on with my morning, taking a shower, brushing my teeth, etc etc. Getting out of the shower, I checked my phone immediately, as one does. I saw that I had four missed calls, from the same, unsaved number. This angered me. How could someone call me this many times when I’d declined it so many times before! God, the nerve of this guy!! I left the bathroom, put on my six seven clothes, and called the number promptly. My blood BOILED as it rang. The other end picked up.

Nothing but garbage, digital noise. I knew it! It’s a phishing call, or something! They just wanted to see if my number was active, so they can sell that data to other scam callers! Why I oughtta- “Hello! My name is Ali. Ali N!” A soft, strangely familiar, yet otherworldly voice cut through the static. 

I collected myself. “Oh. Hi. Why have you been calling me so much!?” I’d been pretty upset about the calls, but she sounded hot, so I didn’t freak out.

She responded, “Oh, no reason, really… I’ve been calling random numbers all day… in hope that I’d find a friend… six seven six seven…” 

I immediately burst into tears, laughing so hard I couldn’t see the phone. I dropped it onto the floor, and it hung up on her. “WAIT, COME BACK!” I screamed. Hearing me scream, my mom rushed up the stairs and swung open the door with a fat thud. 

“QUIET! QUIET! I’M BOTHERED!” She slammed the door shut and stomped back down the steps. I was forced to accept this reality. I grabbed my bag and left for school.

All day, I was completely unable to focus on my studies. I simply pondered the strange call from Ali N. All day. When I returned home, I ran to my room, shut the door silently, so as to not enrage my fat chud mother, and went into my closet, where I wouldn’t be heard. I called the number back.         

She answered. “Hello?”

“Hey! It’s me. You called me this morning and I dropped my phone and hung up on you. You said six seven. It was hilarious.”

“Oh, yes! I remember now. How strange… people have been having the same reaction to my message… How curious! They laugh and laugh, and I don’t know why! It’s ridiculous!”

I replied, with hatred in my voice. “How could you say it’s ridiculous?! It’s hilarious and awesome. It makes me happy. It makes me feel things.”

She was silent for a moment. “Is… Is that so? It makes you feel things? What kind of things?”
“Oh, all kinds of things. Mostly happy. It’s so silly. All my friends, family, doctors, and teachers say it! It’s a hoot!” I waited for a response, but didn’t get one. She hung up the phone.

“What. The. Heck. This freaking churl. I’ll pwn her! Ugh! God!” I stormed out of my closet, and slammed the door, because I forgot I’m not allowed. My mom swung open the door. 

“IF YOU SLAM THIS DOOR AGAIN! I’LL SELL YOU TO THE GOVERNMENT!” She slammed the door, and a painting fell off my wall, the frame shattering. The broken glass kind of looked like six seven, and I chuckled. Just then, I got a notification. It was a text, from Ali N. I swiftly opened the message. 

“Meet me at 483 NW JALP ST. ASAP. The front door is unlocked.” I freaked out. This was my freaking chance! I jumped through my bedroom window, which was located on the second floor. I landed on the trampoline, in the backyard, though, so I didn’t break any legs, which was optimal. I grabbed my bike, and began my journey to the address she listed. I reached the front door, and turned the handle. As I stepped inside the dark warehouse, I saw a woman standing in the darkness. “Ali N? Is that you? It’s me!” She did not respond, simply standing still, swaying in the darkness. Her movements were strange, rocking side to side. I walked closer to her. As my eyes adjusted to the darkness, however, I saw there were several other kids similar to my age standing in the darkness, making the same strange sways as her. “W- WHAT THE HECK!! I’M LEAVIN!” I turned around, and ran to the exit. 
The warehouse groaned slowly, in unison. “SIX SEVEN, SIX SEVEN.” I stopped in my tracks, immediately crying with laughter. It was so funny. Just then, I felt that I was unable to control my body. My vision cut to black, and horrors beyond my comprehension were beamed into my mind, one hundred million concepts, lives, and emotions flying through my mind in hyper-speed.

I saw another planet, inhabited by a benevolent alien race, a species far kinder than my own. They never saw war, never saw any hatred, betrayal, or murder. They lived in a utopian society, where everyone took care of each other, and genuinely cared for one another. They cared for their planet as well. They took care of the forest in which they lived, taking great care of the ecosystem, rehabilitating the wildlife, and providing the plants with proper sustenance. I saw the evolution of the society over billions of years. I saw billions of families live and die. I saw species evolve. I witnessed the birth of economic systems, politics, and the implementation of a king. The society went from a thriving, wonderful village, to a corrupt, horrible shell of its former self. The village took over the planet, devouring the ecosystems that had blessed them with food, shelter, and solace. They destroyed the wilderness which birthed their very kind. I witnessed and lived through their very first war. Millions died, all in the name of a government which did not care for its subjects. Though it was a mere second in reality, I lived through each decade as they were. I lived through the centuries in real time, as a spectator, unable to change the nightmares which took place before me. 

A rebellion formed within the society. Select individuals chose to speak out against their ruler, taking action to end the atrocities which their government carried out on the planet. They were silenced. The government created propaganda to brainwash their civilians, so that a revolt would never happen again. It worked. For years, the people powerlessly cowered under the reign of their dictatorship, forced to accept the reality. The king came to realize conquering other planets would give him great satisfaction. They created space travel, galaxy expanding radio signals, and other technological breakthroughs far exceeding our own. They used this technology to beam the propaganda into the minds of other races, indoctrinating them into their dystopian government. They conquered planet after planet, reaching Earth at last.

They beamed their propaganda into the Earthlings minds, however, it did not go as expected. It was far too much for our feeble brains to comprehend. “Six seven” is a phrase that hijacks the mind of intelligent species, and allows for data to be uploaded into their consciousnesses. Well, it didn’t work on humans, and they actually just think it’s hilarious.

I snapped out of my trance. Ali took notice of this. “You’re back! Six seven! Six seven!”

“That won’t work on us! We’re too stupid and dumb!” I shouted.

“Rats rats rats! I now see that there is no intelligent life on Earth, and our efforts to conquer your minds would have been fruitless, not because of our failure, but because your minds possess nothing of value. Goodbye.”

Ali shapeshifted into a spaceship and exploded through the ceiling of the warehouse. The other humans in the warehouse came back to their former selves, and left the warehouse, mumbling “six seven” and chuckling to themselves. Isn’t that stupid? I returned home.

“SON! WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN? IT’S BEEN SIX TO SEVEN HOURS! OFF TO BOARDING SCHOOL!!!” I turned to my mother. I moved my hands up and down. “Six seven.” I walked up the stairs, and closed my door. I burst into tears laughing so hard at what I’d just said. “Six seven six seven! Oh six seven, you keep me so young!”